Your phone is ringing pick up the call.
Your friend said a family wants to meet you.urgently! come to the office.
When you come to the office and saw that the family was crying.
You try to calm them down.
You : What happened?
Father tells that her Daughter was kidnapped and he asked for help to find out her daughter.
You : When it happened?
Father : We were on the camping trip and I handover the daughter to her uncle.
When we came back from the trip my daughter was missing and her uncle did not know where she was?
You : Give me her uncle's address.
You reach the uncle's house.
You : Where is  Rosie?
Uncle : I don't know where is Rosie?
After torture uncle said : "Last night she left the house then where she goes? 'I don't know'"
You : Tell me the truth.
You : Was Rosie upset?
Uncle: No!
You: Tell the whole activity that she did the same night when she went missing.
Uncle: That day she did nothing and she was in her room whole day.But she left the house at night.
You: You know where did she go?
Uncle: I don't know.
You went to Rosie's University.Then you reach the Reactor's office.
Reactor: Hello! How may I help you.
You: Hello! We are here to know about one your student 'Rosie'.
Reactor call the assistant to bring the Rosie's file..
You met with the Rosie's friends.
You: Do you know where is Rosie?
Rosie's friends:We don't know where is Rosie and she is not coming to university for many days.
You: Rosie got kidnapped.If you know anything about Rosie you can share it.
You met Rosie's teachers.
One of the Rosie's teacher Bennet Ahmed who married to a woman who used to be one of his students.
I think you have to meet Bennet Ahmed.May be he knows something related to Rosie.
Bennet: I don't know where is Rosie.
Bennet was scared of the police due to which he gave very confused answers.
After investigation police suspicion grows after it is discovered that Rosie had visited Bennet's house the night she disappeared.
Bennet had lied about the visit of the Rosie.
The police soon discover Bennet is innocent, when a friend who was at Bennet's house provides him with an alibi.
Next day,it's 10am.
A phone is ringing.You pick up the call and someone inform about the car pulled from the lake in park in which their is a body of a women.
You went to the crime scene.A body was found and sent for the postmortem.
Rosie's family also confirm that body was her Rosie.
Police start investigate about the car and found that the car belongs to the mayoral campaign of city councilman Darren Richmond.
Bennet Ahmaed had worked as a volunteer at a community program sponsored by Richmond.
Candidate of the community also refuses to denounce him with out any proof.So,police realizes the innocence of Bennet Ahmed.
Now you are at the Rosie's house.
Rosie's father and mother was crying.
You: Does Rosie had a boyfriend?
Rosie's father: Yes! Jasper is the Rosie's boyfriend.
You: Give me address of Jasper.
Now you are at jasper's house and jasper does not know about the death of Rosie.
You to jasper: Do you know about the murder of Rosie?
Jasper: what! Rosie murder.
Jasper started crying.
You:Last time when you met Rosie.
Jasper: Last time I met her at the halloween party in the club.
You:Where is this club? give me the address.
Police investigate the club and find there are cameras in the club.
Club owner was scared of the police.
Police saw the cameras recording and saw that Jasper and his another friend having sex with someone wearing Rosie's halloween costume.
After investigating jasper again.
Jasper: The man in the video is Kris.He deals in drugs.
You: Give me the address of Kris.
Police went to the kris house.
Kris ran away from the house.Police follow the kris and caught him.
Police investigate his house and found so many drugs.
Kris: I did nothing.
You: Why were you running? if you did nothing.
Kris:I was scared of the police.
You: What you know about Rosie?Last time when you saw her.
Kris:Lst time I met her at the hallween party.
Police saw the recording to the kris.
You: you know the girl in this video wearing Rosie's halloween costume.
Kris:She is Rosie.Sorry I was drunk that night.
Police arrest the kris in case of drugs dealing and also as a suspect.
Now you are at the Darren Richmond office(politician running for mayor of Seattle).
You: We have found a car that was registered with your name.
Darren: Yes,a few days ago my car stolen.I also report in the police station.
You:There is a body in the car.
Darren: What!!!
You saw him the picture of the Rosie.
You:Do you know her?
Darren: I don't know who is she.
You: Do you have any campiagn manager.
Darren :YES!!
Darren campiagn manager are Jamie Wright and Gwen Eaton.
Now you are at the jamie office.
You saw him the picture of Rosie.
You :Do you know her?
Jamie:I don't know who is she.
You:She was died and we found her body in the darren's car.
You: you know Darren very well.Tell something about Darren.
Jamie:Darren is a very good person.He is so honest that you cannot find a person like him.
You:ok!If you remembered anything more related to Darren and Rosie you can share it.
Now you are at the Gwen office.
Before going to the gwen office.Many people are talking about the relation between Darren and gwen.
You saw her the picture of Rosie.
You:Do you know her ?
Gwen:I don't know who is she.
You: She was died and we found her body in the darren's car.
You:Tell something about Darren.
Gwen:He is a very great person and never hurt anybody.He is a very nice person.
You:ok!If you remembered anything more related to Darren and Rosie you can share it.
Rosie's father best friend was Belko Royce.
He lives near the Rosie's house.
Now you are at the Belko house.
You knocked the door and belko wife came.
You:is Belko in the house.
Belko wife: Yes!
Belko wife invite you to come in the house.
Belko:Hello!Very sad to hear the news of Rosie's murder.
You:Tell something about Rosie.Is there any fight of Rosie with someone.
Belko:No!Rosie is a very nice girl.She went to the parties so much.
Rosie love his aunt so much.She is very close to his aunt.
You :Give me the address of her aunt.
Now you are at Rosie's aunt house.You knocked the door.Terry came on the door and invite in the house
Terry :I already knew that you will come.
You:How will you know ?
Terry:It was a very shocking news for me.When I heard about the murder of Rosie.
You:What do you think who can do this?
Terry:I don't know.Rosie is such a nice girl that she never quarrel with anyone.
You: ok thank you for your time.
Now police have an eye on terry all the time because there something that terry knows and she is lying.
Now you are at the Rosie's house.
You:Tell me the behaviour of Terry with Rosie.
Rosie's Father:Rosie love his aunt so much that she never want to leave his aunt.
During this investigation police discover Rosie had been making trips to a Native American casino located on an unnamed island in Puget Sound.
Where she had been making regular deposits into a secret bank account she had opened under the name of her aunt Terry.
It is discovered that terry had been working as a prostitute for a high-end escort service.
Now you are at terry house.
You:are you working as a prostitute for a high-end escort service.
Terry :yes!
You:why you are not aware us about that?
Terry:I am little bit of scared.I also have the client which is working with me.
You:who is this client?
Terry :client name is Richmond.
You:What?
Now you at Darren office.
You:you are the client of terry.Right!
Darren:yes!!
You:you are also involved in the romantic relationship with his campaign manager.Right!!
Now you are at the Gwen Office.
You:you know that the richmond is involved in a romantic relationship.
Gwen:Yes!I know.
she tells the police Richmond was gone for several hours the night Rosie was murdered.
You:ok!
Now the police visit the casino and investigate.
In the casino there was cameras.
Police saw the cameras recording and saw that the Darren Richmond was leaving the casino in thec car,in which Rosie was found.
Now Darren is a clear suspect in the eyes of police.
Police want to the darren office and arrest him and destroying his campiagn.
Now you are at the police station.
You investigate the darren about visiting the casino.But darren not saying the truth.
Police torture the darren.
But all the time darren said he did nothing.
You:Then what are you doing in the casino that night.
Darren: I was there only to play game in the casino.
You:you are lying.
Darren:No!I am not lying.
Now you are at the casino.
Police again visit the casino to find any clue of the Rosie's murderer.
Police saw there was the upper floor of casino which is under construction.
You saw the cameras recording and their was nothing.
Someone has delete the recording.It means the murderer is in the family.
Now you are at the upper floor.
Police search the whole floor and found an access card.
The access card was belong to Gwen Eaton(Darren's campaign manager)
Now you are at the gwen office.
You:where is your access card?
Gwen:I have lost it somewhere.
You gave the access card to gwen. (found on the upper floor of the casino)
Gwen:where you found it?
You:We found it in the casino.Now tell that what were you doing in the casino.
Gwen:I was there to meet the casino owner Nicole Jackson to see the construction of upper floor.
You:Give me the address of the Nicloe Jackson.
Now you are at the Nicloe jackson office.
You:Hello!Do yo know the Gwen Eaton.
Jackson:yes!she is the campiagn manager of the Darren richmond campaign.She recently visit the casino to have meeting with Ames.
You:who is Ames?
Jackson:Ames is lover of terry and he is the seattle businessman.
You saw the picture of Rosie to jackson.
You:Do you know her?
Jackson:yes!she had opened her new account in the casino recently.
You:Thank you!
Now you are at the terry's house.
You:Why you not tell us about your lover Ames.
Terry:Ames does not know anything about Rosie.
You:But he is present in the casino on the night when Rosie was missing.
You:Give me the address of Ames.
Now you are at the Ames house.
Ames:How may I help you?
You:what are you doing in the casino on the night when rosie was missing.
Ames:oh!I was there to attend the meeting with Gwen.
You:then you also know the dareen.
Ames:yes!I know him.He is also present that night and playing game in the casino.
You:Thank you.
Now you are at the police station.
After investigation police does not found any clue which is against the Darren.
Police decide to release the darren.
You again met with the Rosie's friends.
Rosie's friends were shocked after they hear the news of Rosie's murderer.
You:Which person is very close to the Rosie.Who knows every thing about Rosie.
Rosie's friends:jasper is the only person.Who is very close to the Rosie.
You:The day,when Rosie was missing,she came to the university.
Rosie's friends:No!
You:ok!Thank you.
Now you are at the the jasper's house.
You:jasper if you know anything about Rosie.Which we don't know you tell us.
Jasper:Rosie is a very nice girl and I can't imagine that someone has killed the Rosie.
You:What do you think who can do this?
Jasper:I don't know.Everyone love the Rosie.
You:Take care.
Next day in the morning a phone ringings in the police station and inform about the death of his uncle.
Detectives went to the crime secene.
You saw the uncle was died.Uncle was killed by a gun.
Rosie's father:What are doing.first my duaghter and now her uncle.
You calm them down.
You:In your family,Anyone have the gun.
Rosie's father:yes!My friend(Belko) has a gun for his safety.
Now you are at the Belko's house.
You:We hear that you have a gun.
Belko:Yes!I have a gun for my safety.
you saw the gun and the gun new and no bullet in fired from that gun.
You have the license of the gun.
Belko:yes
Belko saw you the license of the gun and gun was clearly belongs to the belko and legal.
You:If you are lying this time.It really cost you.
Belko:ok!as you wish.
Darren after releasing from the jail.Darren started working on his campaign.
One day Darren suddenly thought that the jamie was also present in the casino that night when Rosie went missing.
Darren met jamie that he should know anything related to rosie murder.
But jamie said he does not know anything about Rosie.
Police saw in the cameras that Rosie's brother was also present in the party.
Now you are at the Rosie's house.
You:what happened in the club.
Rosie's Brother:Rosie was with his friends.She is very happy in the club.She left the club with the jasper then I don't know.
Now you are at the jasper's house.
Ames is the father of jasper and he is also present in the house.
You to jasper:After leaving the club where did you go.
Jasper:I leave the Rosie at his home then I left for my home.
You:Are you sure?
Jasper:yeah!I am sure.
Now you are at Darren's office.
You:For the very last time,tell the truth.
Darren:I have already tell the truth.I think jamie knows something related to Rosie.
Now you are at the Jamie's office.
You:jamie what do you know about the murderer of the Rosie.You are also present in the casino that night when went missing.
Jamie:I was there only to attend the meeting with Ames,Gwen and Jackson(casino)
You:what type of meeting it is.
Jamie was confused that time.
Jamie:The meeting was about the casino improvement.
After whole Investigation police was stuck there that who is speaking truth and who is lying.
So police decide to call main suspect to the police station and investigate them separately.
You investigate darren.
You:Darren tell us that where are you that night when Roise went missing.
Darren:I have already clear you that I was in the casino and playing games.
You:Then you also anything about Rosie because that night Rosie was also present in the casino.
Darren:I don't know who is rosie.I was there only to play.
You investigate Terry.Terry was scared and his body was felt like cold.
You:Terry tell us that where are you that night when Roise went missing.
Terry:I was in my home.Then I went casino to pick Ames.
You:Then you also saw the Rosie because that night Rosie was also present in the casino.
Terry:NO!
Now police felt like that Terry was lying.Police get strict to her.
You investigate the gwen.
You:Gwen tell us that where are you that night when Roise went missing.
Gwen:I was in the casino to attend the meeting.You have already know that.
You:Then you also saw the Rosie because that night Rosie was also present in the casino.
Gwen:No!I don't know who is Rosie.
You investigate Ames.
You:Ames tell us that where are you that night when Roise went missing.
Ames:I was in the casino that night to attend the meeting.
You:Then you also saw the Rosie because that night Rosie was also present in the casino.
Ames:NO!I don't know that she was present in the casino that night.
You investigate the jamie.
You:jamie tell us that where are you that night when Roise went missing.
Gwen:I was in the casino to attend the meeting.You have already know that.
You:Then you also saw the Rosie because that night Rosie was also present in the casino.
Jamie was confused and then suddenly said "NO".I don't that she was present in the casino.
After this investigation Rosie's father best friend Belko attack darren by a gun.
Police arrest the belko.
You to belko:Why did you attack darren?
Belko:Because he promise me to add me in his campiagn if I give wrong statement to the police.
You:Why?
Belko:I don't know.
You went to the darren's office.But darren is not in the office.
Police then start to find out the darren.
Finally police find out the darren and arrest him.
You:why you are lying tell the truth.
But darren was not saying the truth.
After torture darren tell the truth that he want to save the gwen from that case.
Because she was also present in the casino that night and darren loves him so much.
Darren does not tell the truth.
Police keep him in the cell.
During the investigation police find something in the cameras recording.
Police find that Terry use the darren car in which Roise's body was found.
Police arrest the terry and investigate her.
You:You are in the casino and You lie to us that you are not in the casino that night.
Terry:Yes!I went in the casino only to get Ames from the casino to the home.
You :Then why you use the car of darren.
Terry didn't answer and tell the names of jamie ,ames and jackson.
Police arrest the jackson and said I was in the meeting.
Police touture him so much that he didn't say anything.
Finally jackson named the Ames.
Police arrest the Ames.
Police torture him.
Ames said that I was not involved in the murder.Jamie did all the thing.
Police arrest the jamie.
Police torture him.
Jamie finally said that terry knows everything.
Police arrest the terry.
Terry get so mad that she finally said she drove the Rosie in the lake.
Police asked the reason for that murderer.
Terry told the whole story that happened that night.
Terry told that she,Jackson,Jamie and Ames was in the meeting.
Meeting was about to ruin the campaign of Darren and Rosie was standing outside the door.
She listened our whole conversation and suddenly she make a noice and she run away from the casino.
Jamie ran behind him and locked him in the trunk.
In hurry,I use the darren's car in which Rosie was locked.
I did not know that Rosie was in the car.
Jamie said me to drove the car in the lake to remove the clues behind.
















